English  class?

Hello everyone, I’m so lucky to be the first one to deliver a speech here. My topic today is to discuss how AI helps English speaking class.

Last month, I went to GMIC with my friends, the Global Mobile Internet Conference. GMIC is a global platform that connects innovators worldwide. Since its first edition in 2009, GMIC has become a must-attend event for companies, industry professionals and technology enthusiasts. It was organized in the National Conference Center in Beijing. 

When I came into the hall in the conference center, I was shocked. There are lots of banners hanging down from the ceiling written “Artificial Intelligence” and blabla. More than 80% presentation topics are about AI and big data. It can’t be denied that AI has been combined with various industries, including medical, business, education and so on. I was interested in education, so I listened to the presentations about education for the whole morning. Surprisingly, the most impressive education product combined with AI is about spoken English, related to this class, named English Liulishuo. It’s an app for practicing spoken English. Maybe some of you know it or have used it to practice your spoken English. I heard about it before I went there, but I never thought of any relationship between the app and AI. 

Liulishuo is a platform to learn spoken English, there are lots of online courses. But its kernel function in technology is to judge spoken English voice automatically and intelligently. Besides, it evaluates the voice by scores, and marks out which word's pronunciation is  not standard enough. This function sounds very simple. Because it is exactly what an English teacher does. But for machines, how does it accomplish? Do we need this app?

The back end of this APP is an AI agent. To get an intelligent agent, we need plenty of data to train on it. It's kind of like a mum teaches a baby to tell whether a animal is a cat or not. A Mum tells the baby this is a cat, the baby gets it and keeps it in mind. When the next time the baby sees a cat, if he recognizes it, his mum tells him, yes baby, you're right! Otherwise, she will correct him. Over several times, the baby can get the characters of cats, recognize them correctly. Machines learn much slower than baby.

Plenty of data is the key meterial to make a machine intelligent. Alpha Go was trained by mountains of data for years before it's able to play go game. For Liulishuo, there is a large spoken English voice library from its users. The AI agent was trained by the data library until it can judge whether a piece of new voice is standard or not. When a piece of voice comes into the AI agent, the agent judges it and marks out wrong pronunciations. Besides, it adds the voice to the voice library. As a result, the library gets larger and the agent gets stronger. This is how the AI agent work behind this app.

As we know, our English teacher can do the same thing. Then why Liulishuo was build? It costs so much money and so many labors, is it necessary or helpful at least?

The answer is yes! We all had this speaking class for the whole semester. We have learned a lot from our teacher in a traditional teaching mode. However, we can't deny that there are still some drawbacks. The biggest problem is there isn't enough time for everyone to practice in class. However if we don't practice in class, it's hard for our teacher to have time to correct our wrong pronunciation after class. So sometimes, we read a sentence one by one to get Miss Shao's advice. Miss Shao gets tired after correct everyone's pronunciation. But for us students, we have only once or twice oppotunity to be corrected in an hour. It's very inefficient, isn't it? Obviously, the problem can be solved by AI teacher. Once you install the app, you can practice anytime and anywhere only if you have time. The app won't be tired and can serve plenty of users at the same time. The boring  and repeatable pronunciation-correcting can be done by smart phones rather than English teachers. And what's more, our English teacher will pay more attention on some other more important things, like teaching strategy, teaching resources and so on.

With our speaking class coming to an end, our dear English won't give us classes any more. Why not download ang install Liulishuo and keep learning spoken English with the AI teacher?

That's all, Thank you!

As we can see, AI boosted education with lots of repeatable work. It makes easier and more convenient for us to practice spoken English. Besides it is more standard since there may be difference on pronunciations among different teachers. The AI teacher even does better than people. 